One of our users yesterday submitted
feedback. They were saying VZ is like a
super genius five-year-old PhD with
ADHD. I'm not going to oversell this is
like it knows everything about
everything, but it has this sparks of
brilliance. How do you think things are
going to change for product managers,
for product teams? People could be more
full stack. Imagine a designer that can
ship a fully baked product. A product
manager that can prototype and ship to
production. We shouldn't put limits on
ourselves on what we can build and what
we can ship and what we can dream about
making possible on these web services. A
lot of people are wondering what happens
to engineers should I learn how to code.
A lot of the programming jobs to be done
that used to be specializations I think
are going away in a way. They're
translation tasks. But knowing how
things work under the hood is going to
be very important for you because you're
going to be able to influence the model
and make it follow your intention a lot
better. We hear this word taste all the
time in terms of building taste. People
are always like, "How the hell do I do
that?" Taste sometimes I think we think
of as like this inaccessible thing that
oh that person was born with taste. I
see it as a skill that you can develop.
I think it's extremely important to try
lots of products. We have one of our
sort of internal operating principles as
increasing exposure hours. Try to
quantify how much time you expose
yourself to watching how people use your
products and you'll develop that muscle.
Where do you think the biggest change is
going to happen? We need to stop talking
about AI at some point. I just see a
future where AI becomes synonymous with
software. We build software and we use
software to build
software. Today my guest is GMO Roush.
Germo is the founder and CEO of
Verscell, which amongst other things
makes a product called V0ero, which has
become one of the most popular AI
website building tools in the world.
He's also a legendary engineer and
contributor to open source. He's created
some of the most popular JavaScript
frameworks in the world like Nex.js and
Socket.io. He's both a builder and is
building a product that's going to
change the way we all build products in
the future. This episode is incredible.
If you want to really understand how
product development is going to change
with the rise of AI and what skills you
should be focusing on right now, I
highly recommend you keep listening. If
you enjoy this podcast, don't forget to
subscribe and follow it in your favorite
podcasting app or YouTube. Also, if you
become a yearly subscriber of my
newsletter, you get a year free of
linear, notion, superhuman, perplexity
pro, and granola. Check it out at
lennisnewsletter.com. With that, I bring
you Germo Roush.
This episode is brought to you by work
OS. If you're building a SAS app, at
some point your customers will start
asking for enterprise features like SAML
authentication and skim provisioning.
That's where work OS comes in, making it
fast and painless to add enterprise
features to your app. Their APIs are
easy to understand so that you can ship
quickly and get back to building other
features. Today, hundreds of companies
are already powered by work OS,
including ones you probably know like
Versel, Web Flow, and Loom. Work OS also
recently acquired Warrant, the fine
grain authorization service. Warrant's
product is based on a groundbreaking
authorization system called Zanzibar,
which was originally designed for Google
to power Google Docs and YouTube. This
enables fast authorization checks at
enormous scale while maintaining a
flexible model that can be adapted to
even the most complex use cases. If
you're currently looking to build
role-based access control or other
enterprise features like single signon,
skim or user management, you should
consider work OS. It's a drop-in
replacement for Ozero and supports up to
1 million monthly active users for free.
Check it out at workos.com to learn
more. That's
[Music]
workos.com. This episode is brought to
you by Vanta. When it comes to ensuring
your company has top-notch security
practices, things get complicated fast.
Now you can assess risk, secure the
trust of your customers, and automate
compliance for SOCK 2, ISO
27,01, HIPPA, and more with a single
platform, Vanta. Vanta's marketleading
trust management platform helps you
continuously monitor compliance
alongside reporting and tracking risk.
Plus, you can save hours by completing
security questionnaires with Vanta AI.
Join thousands of global companies that
use Vanta to automate evidence
collection, unify risk management, and
streamline security reviews. Get $1,000
off Vanta when you go to
vanta.com/lenny. That's v a
nta.com/lenny.
GMO, thank you so much for being here.
Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for
having me. Longtime listener, first
time, I guess, participating in the
podcast and uh love being here. Oh, I
appreciate that. Okay, so I know you saw
this. I did the survey recently where I
asked my readers, what tools do you use
most in your day-to-day work as a
product builder, as a product manager?
And in the category of engineering
tools, uh, Vzero came in right below
cursor and GitHub for people's most used
AI building tools. So clearly people
love what you're doing. Yeah, we're very
happy to see that. And for us, we're at
the very beginning of the journey in
some ways because Vzero is a relatively
new tool, but Versel, our company has
been around for a while. You know, the
way that I explain to people is anytime
you're using the internet, if there's a
website or web application that's really
fast, innovative, hopefully it's running
on our platform. Uh we're out there,
we're running a lot of websites at
scale. If you watch the Super Bowl
recently, three different companies were
promoting digital products that were
built and delivered on Verscell. So not
only can you deploy your ideas and build
them on Versell, they can scale to huge
volumes of traffic and huge audiences.
So a lot of people know us because of a
framework called Nex.js. It's an open-
source framework based on the React
technology open sourced by Meta and it
powers some of the most innovative
products on the internet. So when you
use Claude or Grock or Midjourney,
you're using Nex.js, you're using
Versell's technologies. So with V 0ero,
what we're trying to do is and it's
funny because you you put us in the
rightfully I think in the building or
development category in that survey, but
what we're trying to do with VZ is help
more people participating building
software increase the sort of the total
addressable market of people that are
actually shipping things, shipping real
products. And at the same time, just
like you would with Chad Gabbd, we want
V to be just extremely extremely easy
and the outputs that it generates make
them as refined and realistic as
possible. Like the things that you
create with Vzero hopefully live up to
that standard set by you know some of
the best and largest websites on the
internet. Uh, I was going to ask you how
Vzero came out of Verscell and I I I my
theory was it was like you guys are
sitting around being like how do we get
more people building websites and it's
like okay let's just help them do it
really easily. Is that it's like TAM
expansion for Verscell is that yeah in
some ways it's it's what I've been doing
for not only 10 years that I've been uh
almost working on Verscell but maybe my
entire life because my strength as a
developer is kind of meta. it's been to
create developer tools. So I've created
a bunch of open source frameworks that
are really popular. So NexJS is one but
before that in a previous life I created
another tool called socket io which is a
real time communication mechanism that
powers for example every time you use
notion I think you interviewed Ivan uh
when notion needs to broadcast messages
in real time to other collaborators they
use a real-time engine that they built
for socket io. So the reason that
startups and companies have used my
products in the past is because I took
something that was very difficult to do
but very compelling like it was with
real time in the past like it's building
cutting edge applications on the web
with Nex.js s and I try to make it as
easy as possible but you still needed to
know development skills right for us and
the opportunity was if there is maybe 5
million react developers which is the
sort of the library engine that we use
and there's maybe 20 million JavaScript
developers how many product builders or
people with aspirations of building
products exist my back of the napkin
like minimum calculation is 100 million
And I'll tell you, it's funny where I
get that number from. Slack has about a
100 million monthly active users. And
what you do on Slack is you go in it and
you talk to people. And a lot of those
people are building digital products,
right? And they talk to one another
about what they would want to see in the
world. They talk to customers through
shared channels. I love that feature. We
talk to a lot of the Versel customers
and like they tell us like, I want to
build this, I want to see that, I want
this feature, I want that thing. And so
the opportunity with Vzero
was it's not that you're going to stop
talking to other people, but what if you
could yap into the computer and see
something happen, build a prototype,
build your first version of a product,
build a demo, build a full stack
product, build it and ship it. And so
the the inspiration for it was very
natural to the mission of Versell. But
concretely the genesis of story was when
Chad Gubt came out we noticed that it
was very good at writing the code that
our tools used. So Chad Gubd right off
right out of the bat was good at
JavaScript was good at Tailwind which is
a CSS styling technology was good at
Nex.js JS and again the power of open
source our tools are already in the
training data of the internet and so
that long-term bet and vision and open
source really paid off and so because
the models were so good at writing this
kind of code the idea for vzero came
naturally from what if we could build a
chatbtd for building web products
speaking of that I didn't actually know
so I had Bolt CEO on the podcast and he
talked about how claude kind of unlocked
what they're doing and you guys do you
guys sit on chatbt and open AI We
started out on OpenAI and we've always
used a combination of models. It's funny
right now on Twitter there's a million
there's thread with a million views of
people trying to reverse engineer the
prompt and the models and they're all
finding that there's all this kind of
different models that are specialists in
different tasks and there's a pipeline
of models where a model could hand off
work to another model and so open AI
Gemini claude but we predate anthropic
because I'll give credit to Chad GBT
that you know the the utility of it was
so general purpose, but from the very
first release, it was very good. In
fact, by the way, if I'm not mistaken,
we the first prototype of Vzero might
have even predated Chad GBD or at the
very least, I think we were running on
GBD
3.5. So, we've always had this vision of
unlocking more power for the web through
through LLMs and and there's a lot of
very interesting technical details of
why, by the way, LMS happen to be so
good at the task of web design and and
web development uh that we could get
into, but um it was like the perfect
time timing for us. That's I want to
come back to that. That's actually a
really good question, but let me ask a
couple other questions here. In terms of
Vzero, what's the scale at this point?
and we hear all these numbers about all
the folks in the space. What can you
share about what's happening with VZero?
Uh I can share that it's growing
exponentially and that over 1.3 million
users have interacted with Vzero so far.
We had our largest day ever yesterday
and today again we're the largest we're
one of the largest customers of most of
cloud providers at this point. uh we're
hitting the limits of every GPU LLM
infrastructure out there in the planet.
And what the the most exciting thing for
me is what I'm seeing people build with
Vzero. So we launched a feature about a
month ago, maybe even less than a month
ago, called VZero community. It already
has 20,000 submissions. If I I'm sure
people in your audience have used Figma.
One of the things that I love about
Figma is Figma files that I can go and
grab a starting point for a for
something. Could be a logo, could be a
menu, and you can start with something
that someone has already contributed.
Kind of like that spirit of open source.
And so in less than a month, I think
we've done over 20,000 community
submissions. Uh so we've learned so much
about building AI products with this and
we continue to sort of open source and
share our best practices. But one of the
things that I've definitely learned
is prompting it seems like the easiest
interface in the world
because it's just an input, right? And
you put text in it, but there's a little
bit of a writer's block sometimes. So,
one of my favorite things that I've
seen, and I even look at the homepage
right now, and you can see like a random
assortment of community submissions, and
uh they have 1,200 forks and 1500 forks
and 6,000 forks. And this is every time
people saying like oh instead of
starting from scratch I'll start from
this application that someone else has
built and I'm gonna prompt it to modify
it and make it my own. So these the
community submissions are people
building apps on vzero and sharing what
they built. You can look at the code and
fork it and it's becoming like a
compounding investment right like people
share something else grabs it makes it
better maybe you use it at that point.
In many ways, I see this as the next
evolution of GitHub. Whereas GitHub was
so it was a marvel for for software
development because it it I don't know
if you remember this, but like the
initial little tagline underneath the
GitHub logo was social
coding and it had this democratization
effect of building software, but you
still needed to know how to code. And so
what we're after is social product
building in many ways, right? Like
everybody should be able to cook and
share what they're what they're
building. I love how I I hadn't thought
of it this way, but I love that it
connects so much to your open source
roots where people are building on Vzero
and then sharing what they're building
and then people can build off those
things. It's kind of like an open-
source AI building experience. It's
fascinating, right? Like in many ways,
if you think about the git commit, the
git commit is super interesting. If you
if you if you watch how an engineer
works, they look at a problem. They
spend a lot of time in their code editor
and at the end they say, "I think I I
got it. I think I I think I've fixed
it." And then they produce a git
commit. They
summarize their intent and what they try
to do after they've done the
work. D0 inverts that. The git commit is
you go into the chat and say, "Please
change the color of this button and when
I click it, save this form to a
database." And so you're starting with
the intent and the output is the code.
And as a side effect, we can also
produce a git commit for you. That
feature is not online yet, but it's
coming in the next couple days. Spoiler
alert for the group. And so I like this
idea of we can create this supererset of
all software building with this platform
and that is true to my initial intention
with Verscell. Our mission is to enable
the world to build and ship the best
products and so enabling that for the
largest possible group of people is very
exciting to me. So let's go to this
question of just uh kind of the elephant
in the room for a lot of people seeing
these things happening. product builders
that have, you know, that have been
doing things a certain way for a long
time. With apps like this coming around
where you could just type a thing in and
build it for you and it's beautiful. How
do you think things are going to change
for product managers, for product teams?
Where do you think where do you think
the biggest change is going to happen?
How do you think product will be built
in the next few years? The most profound
one that I kind of alluded to is that
conversations between product builders
and their
customers will be mediated by this the
zero links, these artifacts.
I think when Claude came up with the
name artifacts, I I found it phenomenal
because we're all in this world,
especially in this group of people,
we're here to build awesome things and
share them with the world. Steve Jobs
had this awesome speech about it's it's
like our form of giving back to the
world is to try and do the best possible
job we can and share it with the world.
And
so the idea that when we talk we would
not have the power to make those ideas a
reality seems it seems like an L to me.
I would love to see people constantly
live in the product, be in the design,
spend time tuning and trying out new
ideas. And that's what the ideal work of
the future should look
like. And less
about kind of again that abstraction
that being removed from the product or
even the sometimes I can feel powerless
to not be able to change something. This
happens a lot when departments
collaborate within an
organization. Marketing wants design to
do something. Marketing wants
engineering to do something. Engineering
needs a design. It go it cuts always,
right? Like one of the things that
people had got excited about that we
published on the Verscell blog was about
design
engineering because uh a lot of the
people that we were noticing were ve
being very successful at Verscell were
people that had both the design and
engineering skills and that is was
actually another huge motivator and
inspiration for Vzero because we
realized that people could be more full
stack. We shouldn't put limits on
ourselves on what we can build and what
we can ship and and what we can we can
dream about making possible on this on
these web
services. And so you could imagine
removing all those limitations. Uh a
designer that can ship a fully baked
product, a product manager that can
prototype and ship to production, an
engineer. A lot of people that use VZ
are backend engineers that never had the
ability to, you know, sort of like they
could ship an API, they could build a
great low-level infrastructure system,
but to actually bring their end to end
vision to life, these are sort of
completing that for
them. So, let me follow the thread on
engineers. A lot of people are
wondering, do we need engineers in the
future? What happens to engineers?
Should I learn how to code? Uh, you're a
longtime engineer. thoughts for folks
that are trying to decide the career for
themselves. Yeah, I think knowing how
things work is the most important skill
in the world. I foresee a lot of people
becoming incredibly
impactful in building and shipping
amazing products and building gigantic
companies and and everything you could
imagine where a single person can do the
job of a hundred different people in 100
different specializations.
Take the example
of one skill set that's really important
to build a a front-end product is you
need to know how to use CSS or Tailwind
to style
it. And once upon a time I would hire
people that were truly specialist in
this task. this ta the task of there's a
Figma design or there is some kind of
sketch and translating that into reality
because they knew really well how to
manipulate layouts layout code box model
code we call it and borders paddings
margins flexbox all these technologies
for
styling and notice I actually use the
word
translation very intentionally
Because the origin of the LLM goes or
the transform architecture at least goes
as far back as the architecture for
systems like Google
translate they were
generative LLM techniques. Basically,
that's how they cross that chasm of like
remember when translating tools were
horrible and then one day the problem
was just solved, right? And uh I look at
I look at um a lot of the programming
jobs to be done that used to be
specializations that I think are going
away in a way or the tasks to be done.
They're translation tasks. We were
translating from a screenshot or intent
or a design into a react and tailway and
the CSS
implementation. And right now V0 is
incredibly good at doing that. It's so
good that every time we put a new
generation of the model out, I run this
test of like converting my own website
and try to generate it with D0. Last
time I did it, it had taken me like 10
prompts to replicate
it. Keep in mind, I'm an expert
front-end engineer that's been, you
know, in the arena since I'm like 10
years old and I'm 35 now. And so I do
that test because it's almost like a
test of like self-imposed humility of
like I remember exactly how long it took
me to build my website with Nex.js, the
framework that I created, and ship it.
And so with the last model it took me
maybe 10 15 prompts. With the most
recent model it took me two
prompts. And so that translation from
the design intent into working
implementation. Another anecdote that I
like to share with people is the model
because vzero tries to embed all of the
best practices of of the
web. The model output more accessible
code than what I wrote. It follows the
accessibility
guidelines that the web standards
consortiums put out better than I
did because it just knows everything.
And so that those tasks where you can
almost model it to a translation task
definitely going away. But knowing how
things work under the hood, notice all
the I'm using a specific tokens in this
conversation. I'm saying CSS. I'm saying
layout. I'm I'm naming styles. Knowing
those tokens is going to be very
important for you because you're going
to be able to influence the model and
make it follow your intention a lot
better. And so the TLDDR would be
knowing how things work, the symbolic
systems, and that will mean that you
have to probably go into each subject
with less depth.
I have engineers at Versel that know
every single CSS property by heart. They
know when they became available in a
certain web browser. They've been
tracking this
specification like it's almost like
you're in incyclopedia of knowledge of
each CSS property. You probably won't
need that in the future. And probably
that's good because you'll free up your
mind for more ambitious things. That is
fascinating. So what I'm hearing is a
skill that will continue to be valuable
in the future. Uh no matter and but I
want to push on this a little bit no
matter how far AI gets is understanding
the con conceptually how software works
backend systems databases CSS is a
thing. Uh so say I don't know if you
have kids whether you have kids or not
just say they were like trying to decide
what should I learn to be you know to
thrive in this future. Well, how would
you summarize it? Like how far should
they get into software engineering?
Great question because I I have five
kids and I've already enrolled them in
this school of G myself in the sense
that I'm already guiding them towards
the things I think are going to be very
useful to them. So understanding how
things
work
needs I think the ability to understand
the fundamental logic behind things
incredibly valuable. So, I push them
really hard on math. Uh, if you don't
know math really well, you're out of my
house. Just kidding. But like it's a
it's a it's a fundamental like skill
that I want them to know.
Eloquence. So, I joke sometimes. Have
you heard a meme of word cells versus
shape rotators? Yeah. So, a shape
rotator is someone that only has a math
brain, right? You could argue the the
kings and queens of Silicon Valley have
been the shape rotators because those
have been the jobs that have
historically commanded the most status,
respect, net worth, whatever. And then
there's the word cells, which is
communicating more of the liberal arts.
There's also the funny and awesome slide
of Apple saying that they are at the
intersection of liberal arts and
technology. I've always had immense
amounts of respect for both sides of the
brain, so to speak. But I think
developing great eloquence and knowing
and memorizing those tokens that I
talked about, knowing how to refer to
things in that global mental map of
symbolic systems will be highly
valuable. And we have some tools to help
people prompt better. But prompt
enhancement and embellishment cannot
replace thinking and cannot replace your
own creativity that you want to infuse
into the world. So one of the things
that Vzero does is it tries and it it
succeeds I think at creating very nice
designs out of the box. We try to infuse
what we've learned
about what do people think is typically
good web design. we've influenced the
model in that direction, but still like
we also don't want the whole internet to
look the same way. So, your ability to
steer the model with your
words into those references, into those
inspirations is going to be very
important. I actually have an amazing
anecdote. We hosted a a design demo
night at the Verscell HQ in San
Francisco last night and we were showing
off how Verscell uses Vzero to build
Vzero and to build Verscell. And one of
our designers showed this amazing
animation that he built. Actually, two
two amazing animations that he built.
And in one of them, it was this amazing
triangle that had a an animation that I
didn't think was possible to make and
that it was all built with Vzero. And he
used the word turbulence to describe the
effect that he wanted. So I just want to
call out that to people because the
difference between knowing that word and
not knowing it is getting that style
into that beautiful triangle that he
created that was interactive and it's
probably going to end up in some landing
page soon that you're going to visit
onell.com. And so developing
eloquence and your linguistic ability I
think is going to be very important. So,
I love my kids to know
that.
And I think that idea
of sharing things and putting yourself
out there and and and broadcasting to
the world. So, another thing that I do
is I take my kids to
hackathons. We just went to an awesome
hackathon at uh University of San
Francisco USF. It was called the Bloom
Hackathon. And it took two of my kids
and I wanted to watch how people
presented their ideas and they had we
had a lot of fun. We also ate waffles
and uh grill sandwiches which is a
bonus. But um so pres presenting and
putting yourself out there. I I
mentioned in the beginning of the
podcast when we were chatting, I learned
so much from you and your guests because
you put out all these awesome little
posts on X in these videos and this is
snippets of your interviews. And so the
ability to present what you've built and
put yourself out there incredibly
important skill in the future,
especially in a world where the marginal
cost of producing software and new
things are going down. You need to build
an audience. you you need to know how to
talk to people. You need to build your
own signature brand and style. And so
maybe they're a little too young for
that one, but I guess taking them into
hackathons. Uh probably like, you know,
back is influencing their neural
networks or pre-training data for the
future. I love it. They're going to tell
their friends my dad took me to
hackathon. What's that? Uh so are you
actually are you encouraging them to
learn to code? Because it's interesting
you mentioned math, eloquence,
presenting and then okay. So also
learning. Yeah. I think again learning
how to prompt, learning how to code with
Vzero we show you the code when we build
things. So that if you can build that
mapping of like maybe not learning how
to code in the necessarily in like the
as an abstraction if you do have a knack
for it kind of like you know I'm a big
believer also that my five kids have
like super diverse personalities and
inclinations and I don't want to be you
know pushing for something that they
wouldn't want to do or whatever and so
learning to code in the abstract might
be good for some people might be good
might may not be the fun thing to do for
other people. And
so what I would recommend is try to
understand how things work. So if if you
prompt Vzero or any other tool and it
generates some code, try to build an
understanding of what that does at at a
high level. It's like actually maybe an
extension even of eloquence. One of the
bets that I made early on with Verscell
that really paid off
is we Verscell maybe as a metaphor is
like AWS in easy mode for a lot of
people. We have a very large user base
of people that would have otherwise not
have been able to configure all of the
in ins and outs of the cloud but do want
the scale, flexibility, speed, etc. They
want to create very high quality
products and services. So, I like to
give the Super Bowl example because one
of our customers, Ramp, had a
43x increase in traffic when their when
their ad went live. The engineer that
worked on that only needed to learn
Next.js. Then they pushed their code of
Versel and now they can reach an
audience of 100 million people without a
blip. 100% uptime.
That superpower comes from we made it as
easy as possible to get started and the
language that we choose is actually very
relevant in the story. JavaScript is in
my mind has always been almost like the
English of programming languages. It's a
language that if you learn it, you reach
billions of devices. So it's not a
coincidence that when you ask Chad Gubt
or Anthropic or Gemini to build you a
web app, it uses these tools. It uses
JavaScript. It uses React is it's become
the lingua
frana of building products on the web.
So I would tell to my I would say to my
kids, look, if you do want to go deeper
into programming, start learning there.
You can reach huge numbers of people. If
you have a passion, I would say there's
going to be a fundamental engineering
skill that's going to be useful for
decades or centuries to come, which is
creating foundational
infrastructure. Think about LLMs in the
in terms of they're like oracles that
can go and write software for you, but
there's a limit to how much software
they can write. There's context windows.
There is time and computational
constraints. So it's very hard for an
agent today to go and say I'm going to
write a cloud from scratch. I'm going to
write all the foundational services. I'm
going to write the framework from
scratch. I'm going to write the
compiler. No, the LM is orchestrating
those tools and
infrastructure. It's not writing the
compiler from scratch. Otherwise, you
get into the Newton thing. In order to
create an apple, you have to create the
entire underlying universe. No, the
elements are interoperating with the
universe as it exists. And so the
engineers that learn foundational
infrastructure are probably going to be
extremely empowered still for years to
come. Like there's a world where you
could argue uh chat GPT will build the
next version of chat GPT. What I'm
hearing from you is that's a long ways
away if ever. Absolutely. This is why
you know the the common the running joke
is that all of these companies have you
go to their careers page it's like
engineer engineer engineer engineer
right the the counterpoint of that is
that at verscell we had we we have 150
engineers that can write code and 600
total headcount. Now we have 600
engineers. One of the best things that
some of the best things that I've seen
created with Vzero have not come from
our team. They've come from the
marketing team. They've come from the
sales team. They've come from the uh
product management team. The product
management team is is fascinating,
right? Because now they're actually
building the product. So last night I
saw how we've speced out in VZ, think of
it as like a live
PRD. We've speced out how the new
functionality for deploying a Vzero to
Verscell is going to work. the amount of
detail that was contained in that V0ero.
I mean, I we're all just saying like,
well, just ship it. There's nothing else
to discuss, right? Like, it was
animated. It was interactive. We were
demonstrated the error state, the
success state, the slow stream state.
So, it really
empowers product builders not only with
technical skills. I think that does a
disservice to the tool. It empowers them
to explore and augment their thinking
with a lot of things that perhaps they
wouldn't have considered otherwise. A
lot of states of the product they
wouldn't have considered otherwise. The
name Vzero implies the product is for
prototypes for kind of like the first
attempt at stuff and that's definitely
where all these tools are are finding
product market fit. Prototypes PM
showing a thing working versus just
design. Do you expect Vzero and other
tools to get to a place where you can
build Salesforce.com and scale it to
billions of dollars like you you do?
Okay. We already we already have a
customer an enterprise customer of Vzero
uh that only works with Vzero. All of
their products, all of their features,
all of their client communications are
VZ native. Two days ago, I just heard
anecdotally on X, someone tells me, "My
brother just sold his first website to a
client completely built in VZero."
Yesterday at an investor conference, an
investor walks up to me and says, "Two
of my friends just got engaged on
Vzero." I was like, "Okay, okay. Vzero
is a dating app now." So the the
engagement website, the proposal, the
wedding, like it's all Vzero native. So
because we've integrated Vzero the
Verscell
infrastructure, we can do that
whole story that I just told you of like
I have a website to build and I can get
it in front of 100 million people. We
can enable that for everybody now. And
so the end to end full stack vzero
native and built on this awesome fluid
serverless infrastructure that scales to
billions of people all just for from
prompts or screenshots or uh just
copying and pasting your PRDs into the
tool. So let's let's help people be
successful with VZRO and then let's also
do a demo. But before we get there, let
me ask you this. So imagine you could
magically sit next to someone who's
about to use Vzero for the first time
and whisper a tip in their ear to be
successful with Vzero. What would your
what would a couple tips be? So number
one
is you can be as ambitious as you want
in terms of what you ask the tool. If
you can steer the tool towards some kind
of inspiration that you have, you're
always going to get better
results. If you're if you don't have
ideas on what to build or or what to
prompt, I would recommend using the
Visero community so that you can find
something to fork to get
started. I would say in some ways if you
have technical skills, this one is
interesting. Put have some suspension of
this belief like what I like it humbled
me, right? I was saying about like
accessibility. So be open-minded about
whether the tool actually knows some
things that you might not know. And so
focus more on the product description,
right? Like focus more on like what do
you want the end user to experience?
What do you want the product to do? And
and try to be open-minded about how well
the tool can implement it. Um those
would be my main ones. You also have to
have a sense
of iteration, I guess.
Um, think of think of it this way. If
you were working with a design firm or
an agency that you've hired, you will go
back and forth and say, "Try something
else." If you were coaching an engineer
that's getting stuck in something, you
would say, "Try something else." It's
amazing how many times I've gotten
unstuck in Vero by just saying like,
"Just try something else." Just saying
that as the prompt, not even just saying
that like I'm in a chat. like V zero, we
need to have it's like is it, you know,
like you have a one-on-one performance
review with a tool. Hey, way to talk.
Try something else. What you're doing so
far is not working. And it's it's
amazing. Like one fitness function that
I'm keeping in my head is I really want
to find the thing that I cannot build
with
Vizier. So I as part of the Visero
community, I have my own profile. We'll
share the link with people. You can see
six or seven things that I've built and
that I consider to be pretty impressive.
So, for example, I was flying
from Tokyo to San
Francisco. The internet was
horrible. What I like to do during
flights is I like to monitor our own
flight while I'm on the flight. So, I
open Flight Radar or whatever. And I was
extremely bored as well. And I noticed
that flight radar, I don't know which
one it was, a flight radar. There's like
four or five of them. They were very
bloated. They had ads. They were not
what I wanted the flight radar to look
like. So I built my own during the
flight with the worst internet
connection that you could imagine in the
world. Integrated into a flight data API
called Edge Aviation. So, I I what this
is what I told Vzero, you're going to
build we're going to build the best
flight radar on the planet. I didn't I
wasn't um uh prescriptive about how. So,
it used a a tool called Mapbox and a
JavaScript library called Leaflet. I
didn't tell them that or her. I don't
know what what it is.
And subsequently once we cooked on the
design which looks I would say beautiful
I then got more ambitious and I said all
right let's like let's make it real now
and by the way that's actually how I
would work so it's how I like to work I
like to work experience first and that's
also how versel was built let's start
with the front end let's start with the
planes on the screen and by the way
there's a lot of subtleties here for
example there's so many flights going on
at any given time that there's just too
many. So I had to work with Vzero on
improving performance. And once again, I
wasn't prescripted. I just said we have
a lot of flights, chief. Let's Did you
say chief? I I actually do say that a
lot. And uh this is I think when I
shared it on X it blew a lot of
engineers minds because it created a
canvas based canvas is the sort of
underlying rendering surface that very
sophisticated products use like
Figma and it created this awesome
overlay on top of the map that can
render tens of thousands of flights at
any given time. And then I told it let's
make it a full stack application. I okay
plug it into the the flights API. So
that's an example of like we cooked and
there was no limit. And so I'm always in
the lookout the service that I'm
providing to the VZO community is I'm
part of the team that is really trying
to break this and say like can it not
build something or or and even when it
does build it, we're very obsessed with
quality and performance like it has to
be real. That's the that's our
commitment to to our users. And how much
did this cost? How much time does this
take to make something like this? So the
the flight radar example or or V? Yeah,
the flight radar example specifically
just like I mean that one probably took
less than two hours with the worst
internet. Sorry Japan Airlines I love
you but like you give me a hard time.
And and what did that cost like like 10
bucks? Like what would you estimate?
Um I mean I pay for the $20 visual. 20
bucks. Okay. For a month. So it's like a
month but you use it for two hours. 20
bucks. Yeah. Uh, if you had engineers
building this, how much do you think
that would cost? How long do you think
that would take? I mean, weeks
easily. Easily. And that's like tens of
thousands of dollars. Maybe the most
cracked engineer out of our cell could
knock it out in a like without using any
AI could knock it out in a couple days.
But then what about the design? What
about like me? Because I'm the
bottleneck, not the engineer. And this
is what's amazing about this
collaboration, right? It's like I'm
providing the product guidance. I'm
saying draw a dashed line between the
PL. And by the way, this V just blew my
mind so hard. I said draw a dashed line
between the two destination
airports. And Ver said, well, I have to
account for the spherical or what is it?
Is a pseudosphere for the curvature of
the earth. It's like okay v zero super
genius like whatever like and so that's
what I mentioned about like how you can
kind of go back and forth is it's like a
product copilot is like an all knowing
being one of our users yesterday
submitted feedback to the tool and it
was positive feedback they were very
happy what they were saying like vzero
is like a super
genius five-year-old
PhD with ADHD so like You still have to
like I'm not going to I'm not going to
oversell this as like you know it knows
everything about everything is like gets
everything perfect of course but um but
it it has this sparks of brilliance
really truly I think I've been a big
believer that AGI
underells what we're collectively
building because we already have all of
this sparks of super
intelligence. I don't believe that V0 is
an AGI if it knows everything about how
to draw a dashed line according to the
curvature of the Earth on this high
performance map of airplanes. Like
that's just super human. Um, and it's
yeah, it's it's it's a joy to use.
Today's episode is brought to you by
LinkedIn ads. One of the hardest and
also most important parts of B2B
marketing is reaching the right people.
I am constantly getting ads for products
that I will never buy. And I almost feel
sorry for the money that these companies
are spending pitching me on their spend
management software or some kind of
cyber security solution that my one-man
business just does not need. When you're
ready to reach the right professionals,
use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has grown to
a network of over 1 billion
professionals, including 130 million
decision makers. And that's where it
stands apart from other ad platforms.
You can target your ad buyers by job
title, industry, company, role,
seniority, skills, even company revenue.
All the professionals that you need to
reach in one place. Stop wasting budget
on the wrong audience and start
targeting the right professionals only
on LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give
you $100 credit on your next campaign so
that you can try it for yourself. Just
go to
linkedin.com/podenny. That's
linkedin.com/podlenny.
terms and conditions apply only on
LinkedIn ads. As you talk, it's
interesting the way I'm thinking about
this now. There's almost like three core
skills in building apps with AI. There's
figuring out what to build. There's
making it look good, like design, and
then there's getting it unstuck.
Yeah. And it's interesting how like
these are going to coaching it. Yeah. Or
just like here's a Oh, here's the here's
like the database error. I don't know.
It's not figuring it out. Yeah.
on the I guess does that resonate? I've
never thought of that. Oh, absolutely.
In fact, uh I'll tell you a little bit
of a story of um something that I so
even going way back in time, Nex.js
builds on React. React was this UI
component library that Facebook created
actually with very similar goals. They
had so many cracked engineers and they
had to help them collaborate on an
enormous product surface. So they
invented or at least pioneered I would
say the concept of this component as a
unit of reusability as a as a building
block as a Lego brick of how you build
software. It's no coincidence that LLMs
love to work with React components, by
the way. And one of the things that
always has stood out to me about that
model is it's it basically enables
people to scale in how they worked
together. And one of the key design
principles that they embedded into this
thing is they called it escape
hatch. the API when when React doesn't
perfectly model your problem with its
component system, they give you escape
hatch. They say, "Okay, engineer, you're
on your own
now. There's no
guardrails." And in fact, one of these
escape hatches is called dangerously set
inner HTML. They want the developer to
know uncharted territory, but they did
give people the API. That is a profound
systems design engineering
principle. And throughout my life, I've
always thought about scape hatches. One
amazing scape hatch that BZero has is
that you're looking at the code that
we're generating with
Nex.js, you can edit it, you can even
have other experts look at it. One thing
that uh one of our demos last night came
from this awesome company, Luma Labs.
They're creating one of the most amazing
video models in the
world and they use Vzero and Versel
extensively to build their application,
their websites,
etc. And the design engineer was talking
about how he was on a Vzero that
hadund or so iterations. So he was
kneede into the laten space. He was in
the matrix. And at one point he got
stuck. But you know what he did? He
copied and pasted the code that we
generated and he gave it to
Tragic01 and Trab1 thought about the
solution. I honestly I'd never even
thought about this myself. I was so
blown away and it doesn't speak to I
love your third point of you need to
learn a skill of how to get unstuck.
It's like a profound like life lesson
like it's just more a generic life
advice. you need to get Facebook
actually had a principle uh don't get
blocked like seek to get unblocked seek
help from other people what's
fascinating is that you can seek help
from other AIs to get
unstuck and those escape hatches of like
actually understanding and seeing the
code underneath and even being able to
say okay
now let's use git let's turn this into a
less more of a hybrid project, not just
prompts, but also traditional software
engineering. The fact that that door is
open to you is extremely valuable. Let's
actually make this super concrete and
show people what this actually looks
like in VZero. So, pull up, we'll share
screen and then we'll do a little live
demo. We'll keep it brief. I find people
are like, "Okay, I get it." But we'll
make it fun and brief at the same time.
There it is. I see it. Beautiful. How
can I help you ship? Yeah, of course.
We're all about shipping. Uh, okay. So,
as I mentioned, you write in English,
you yap into the
tool. I'll say um for a demo, let's
create a contact sales
form in the style of By the way, I had a
typo. I don't care. Yeah, let's get it.
It's Supreme, the clothing company for
an online store.
Now I mentioned that sometimes people
get blocked on like there is like a
writer paralysis at this step. So we
added enhanced
prompt. So now like you're tapping into
the latent space of the model which has
a random component to it. And by the way
this is still not a substitute. But it
doesn't contradict what I said earlier
of you knowing that the meaningful
tokens knowing what what like the right
style is and what it's called and
whatever is still highly valuable. So
the first thing you're going to notice
is that as the model thinks you can
introspect its thinking. So we added
this recently and it's been mostly
inspired actually by the deepseek
revolution I would say. So the fact that
when you tell it develop a contact sales
form like what is it going to do like we
talked about scape hatches okay it's
going to use chats and UI it's going to
use tailwind CSS it's going to use react
and this is your opportunity that if v
0ero is not doing exactly what you
wanted this is your opportunity to
actually go and sort of correct or
influence or give feedback and so on. So
you're going to notice it spits out a
bunch of files and it gives me the thing
that I wanted. Right? So I'm going to
zoom out a little bit here. So couple
things that stand out uh here that I
mean as a again as an experienced
engineer I can point out the underlying
component system that it uses is the
same component system that the best
tools on the planet are built with. This
is called chaten. If you go to grock.com
today they're using chaten to build
their UI. they're using next.js, you're
getting that caliber of code. The other
thing that it did is people on social
media talk about this a lot. When you
use a global shared component system
with the world, you don't want
everything to look the same. So, the
fact that it was able to apply the style
and it kind of knew what Supreme looked
like was kind of cool. But now I'm going
to say actually because I'm building a
financial
institution, make it more serious, make
it in the
style of let's say Charles Schwab. Uh
change type
phases. So this is the iteration process
of like I'm going to go and give
feedback to the model. I'm going to make
it try different things.
So once the that initial generation was
already created, now the model is
actually acting more as an eder, it's
going and making tweaks to what's
already been built. And this actually
scales to very large projects. You could
have started with something much bigger.
So in the meantime, I'm going to show
you what Luma Labs created with Bzero,
which is absolutely phenomenal. I I this
last night it already has 2,000 forks. I
was telling you about the the power of
our community. So, by the way, you can
just click um community here on the Bio
sidebar. I'm going to fork it because
they generously shared it with the
world. Notice all the incredible
animations here. By the way, they
shipped this to hire and attract talent
to their company. I recommend them, by
the way. Like, you should if you want to
be a brand designer, take take them into
consideration. Notice that it's an
interactive. Everything is AI generated.
They use their own AI image generation
tool to create this beautiful frames.
These are all AI generated as well. And
uh it's interactive. So like the there's
the uh autoplaying functionality. This
is actually a complex layout uh and
animation system that they built
entirely in VZ. I was telling you that
at one point they even got some advice
from 01. So shout out to OpenAI. I'm
gonna say make it Sebia style
colors. So this is an example of like
okay I fork something. I already have a
starting point. Uh my bank grade contact
form is ready. In the meantime another
fun thing to do is
um you can start with a screenshot. So
I'll I'll use another uh Nex.js user as
an example which is
fortune.com. Shout out to them. they
they built a slick website. But let's
say that I'm actually wanting to break
into the news business. So, I'm just
going to paste a screenshot. I could
have also uh attached a Figma file and
I'm going to have V. Visero already
knows. Vis can answer questions as well
about the engineering design product
world. So, like I can ask
Vzero what is a
newsletter explain with a diagram. use
Lenny as an example. So, Vizio is also a
knowledge seeking tool. Um, but we do
strongly sort of like quote unquote
steer the tool to create things. So, if
I paste a screenshot, as you can see,
it's cooking on creating a hopefully
awesome news website. Um, I specifically
asked because I think it's funny to
explain a newsletter with a diagram.
So this uh Vizio can create again like
explanations, content, knowledge. Uh the
creator is Lenny. You were a former
Airbnb product lead. Uh I guess I should
have used some examples from Airbnb by
the way. Uh but let's look at here at
what it created with um wow with
Fortune. So notice that the I'm just
noticing now the the cyber should have
been on the center. Let's use the I'm
gonna zoom out a little bit. Let's use
the refinement
tool
to center this. I call this, by the way,
one of the hardest problems in computer
science is actually centering things
with CSS. So, uh, that's right,
centering a div. And in fact, look at
it. It was a div. So notice that I did a
precise sort of inline prompt in and the
difference between Vzero and a lot of
other tools is that yes you do have the
code and code is very important but I
call it code last rather than code
first. You're living in the product. So
it center that um another website that I
love
uh also built with Nex.js is
semaphore.
So I really like their sepia style. So
I'm going to say use this apply this
style
instead including Sure. So you're
sharing a screen. So you used a
screenshot to design to build the site
and I'm using a different screenshot to
tell it make it look like this. Yes. And
and and so the idea is that Vzero can
gro different aspects of what it needs
to build. It can be functional aspects.
It can be layout aspects. One and one of
the things that's also very important to
know is we influence the model. So a lot
of the things that you would have had to
prompt you might get for
free. One that's important to call out
is
responsiveness. So as an example, if I
notice that if I do
this, it's going to like make it work
quite well in mobile. It's going to give
me that hamburger menu. I can now tell
it like apply that
style to
everything. In the meantime, I'll show
you
uh this is actually to me very very
impressive and I don't know why today
I'm so fixated on the theme of sepia.
But notice that not only did it change
the background, I hope people can notice
this. It applied it to the
checkboxes and it applied a CSS. I'm
assuming this is a CSS filter.
Yeah, it applied a CSS filter. Just for
the sake of it, because I'm a nerd. I'm
going to look at it, but yes, it applied
a CSS
filter. Confession time. I actually
didn't know that there was a sepia
function in the filter property of CSS.
There were many ways to accomplish this.
You could have also written the images
or the videos to a canvas and like apply
all kinds of algorithms and whatever. I
like that it did it more elegantly than
you would have. Yeah, exactly. So that's
why you can't be too opinionated uh with
the tool. Um so another cool thing is I
do like showing screenshots, but I do
want to remind people that the idea is
not to clone other people's websites
necessarily, right? Like it's just a
cool demo. It's a simple way to show off
what it can do. Exactly. Like take a
screenshots of your own things, right?
Take a screenshot of your uh art boards.
Take a screenshot of things that people
put post in Slack. And also don't
hesitate to add functionality.
Incredible. Thank you for doing the
demo. It's I'm just trying to imagine
having an engineer I'm working with
asking them to do these things and not
only just how annoying that would be
like make it sepia but just how much
time it would take from okay do this
thing copyfortune.com. It'd be like days
weeks here it's just check it out here
months if ever
it never ships.
That's right. Something that I noticed
that I loved at the beginning when you
were doing the prompting and that prompt
uh improvement feature is it it
basically is like best practices to make
it look good and look better which I
think is one of the more interesting uh
I don't know levers to working with AI
is it just has best practices to help
you build things that are beautiful and
also feels like there's this opportunity
of just like uh helping you figure out
if what you're building is at all a good
idea like uh what is the problem you're
trying to solve like it feels like
there's a like a PM1 pager step that
should exist. Like how do you know this
is a problem? What uh what have users
told you? How many people have told you
this? Things like that. Yeah, there's
something to be said about the fact that
over time
we're more and more peeking into the
mind of the AI that in itself is
becoming a killer feature. So the the
deepseek extreme the thinking tokens
moment was a very big moment for our
industry I think because open AI did
have the
technology but they decided that for
competitive reasons which you know are
it's a reasonable thing to think no pun
intended they were going to withhold it
and also it wasn't clear that there was
going to be product end user and product
utility but when deepseek hit it was
very obvious that people really liked
the idea of understanding how the AI
thinks and influencing where it should
go. Uh we've gotten actually amazing
feedback and bug reports where people
actually specifically point out, look,
this is where the AI went wrong. Please
fix it. So the more people we get on
this product, the more thumbs up, thumbs
down, the more user feedback we get. And
by the way, I'll tell you like for
people out there building products, my
number one guidance or piece of advice I
would give to any startup founder
was create a lot of opportunities for
people to give you feedback inside the
product. I drew inspiration from Stripe.
Uh, and this was amazing for the early
days of Versel. There was a feedback
button with a very slick inline form
with four emojis that would allow you to
decide how you were feeling about the
feature, the product at that very
moment. And that would go straight into
Slack. And we were building day in and
day out just like streaming users
thoughts right into our
consciousness.
And maybe we would get, I don't know,
like tens, hundreds a day, especially in
the early days, maybe like a couple a
day. and whatever when you're building
AI products, it's a constant stream of
user feedback. So for people that are
thinking about not building AI products,
you know, it's it's going to be hard to
compete with something that has such a
tight feedback loop with
users. It's the whole idea is to capture
users feedback. So the next iteration of
the model, the prompt, the
fine-tuning, the examples, the rag is
better. And one of the things that
Versell has done as a result of this
insight is we've open sourced a lot of
what makes Vzero work. So let's say that
you wanted to create the V0ero for
doctors as an example.
You can go to
verscell.comtemplates and you can clone
a chatbt template that basically follows
all of the best practices in the world
for like really high performance awesome
UIs and now you can go out and build
your own AI products. We've also open
sourced the AI SDK which is the
foundational plumbing of DZ. It allows
you to connect any model and generate UI
from its responses. Not just output
text, but actually generate UI. So maybe
because I
love showing stuff, I'll just really
quickly show you this. I'm kind of
excited about it. Let's do it. So if you
go to chat.verell.AI super quick, you're
going to see this is the open- source
chatt demo that we've built. It can you
can ask questions like old school
LLM but also you can ask let's actually
finish this let's ask what is the
weather in San Francisco we call this
generative UI it's responding not with
just plain text is creating components
as a result last but not least and this
is the sort of vzero style opportunity
let's ask you to help me write an essay
about Silicon Valley it's going to
create canvas or artifacts style
experience and everything is generative
but also users can edit, refine, etc.,
etc., etc. This actually reminds me of
something I've been thinking about.
There's all these startups that are
building vertical AI tools. this go like
a little bit of a tangent and there's
always this like AI stuff for lawyers,
AI stuff for doctors, nurses and the the
pitch there is that these are going to
be founders that know a lot about the
specific problem in this market and so
they'll build like the tools that are
very specific to them. Yeah, I'm
absolutely convinced that expert AI
tools are the future. There's an amazing
product being built on Verscell called
chatpd.com.
It's the V 0ero for writing PRDs and
it's going to get a V 0 integration
soon. So you can write your PRD with AI
and then you can deploy to the create it
with AI. That's just an example of like
a vertical that you can go after.
There's also open evidence. It's like
the Chad GBT for doctors. Actually there
is an amazing uh startup building X-ray
AI tooling. So the ideas I think are
infinite and and what I've seen from
users of AI adversel like for example
our legal team loves this tool called
getgc.ai. They could in theory go to
chat GBT to ask legal questions but
someone out there decided I'm going to
build the best legal AI tool in the
world. It's going to be up todate. I'm
going to obsess about this problem. The
CEO herself is a lawyer. So it's going
to be hard to compete with that I think.
But here's here's what I'm thinking.
This is like almost the opposite and I'm
curious to get your take, but let's not
spend too much time on this because it's
a complete tangent. No, no, I love it.
In so you showed me this uh the weather
widget that you just built. Basically,
it's like a little mini app that the AI
built as you're talking to it. Is there
a world where when AI when AGI is far
enough and approaching super
intelligence, can it just build you
Harvey for example in real time? Here's
the best experience for a lawyer. Here
we go. We got it for you. Totally.
Totally. I believe that eventually yes,
but humans will always want to have some
guard rails. The reality is that get GC
is taking a double job. One is making
the best tools for lawyers possible, but
also putting their, you know, weight
behind it, putting saying like we've
actually used this and we believe that
this is this is what the future should
look like. there's a sense of direction
and opinion about things and I think
left to its own devices AI I I don't
know like this is the this is the
double-edged sword of like prompt
embellishment like AI doesn't always
know exactly what we want or what we
need is still very much a copilot a
partner and assistant is not really
running our lives and I don't know that
we even would want that ultimately okay
I'm going to go in a whole different
direction which is uh taste. We hear
this word taste all the time. It feels
like the thing that people are always
suggesting. This will continue to be an
important skill to know what is good
basically to know what people are likely
to find valuable and good. And I know
clearly you have great taste. You're
building incredibly beautiful products.
Vzero is clearly uh it's like the most
beautiful by default builder out there
as we've seen. So in terms of building
taste, people are always like, "How the
hell do I do that?" I have great taste.
I know I do. I don't need to. How How
have you built taste? How do you think
that is? How How do you think you've
built taste? And any advice for folks
that are trying to improve their taste?
Yes, I think it's extremely important to
try lots of products. You need to get
yourself out there. I think it's very
important
to go back to that sort of like get into
the world, ship things. Don't be
hesitant of self-promotion in a way.
So being very honest with yourself like
building something, getting it out
there, see how people react. Go back to
the drawing board. I think it's about
exposure. At Versel, we have one of our
sort of internal operating principles as
increasing exposure hours. Try to
quantify how much time you expose
yourself to watching how people use your
products.
even to watch how people use other
products and you'll develop that muscle
like taste sometimes I think we think of
as like this inaccessible thing that oh
that person was born with taste I see it
as a skill that you can develop and
again the AI will help you a lot here
because we try and capture some of the
universal principles of it but there's
also trends in the world, right? Like
I'm not a super like couture guy, but
like you can see that like every year
like Paris fashion week has like a theme
to it and like there is some innovations
that happen, some breakthroughs,
whatever. And so trying to stay at the
frontier or even try and define the
frontier as well is is certainly very
exciting. I love how doable this is
increasing your exposure hours. Uh
basically what I'm hearing is uh use the
best apps. Yes, it there's like a
feedback cycle component to it. Just
like show understand these nuances,
right? So I actually recently created a
uh I I published it to my community
profile vzero. I created a chatbt style
interface inspired by Grock and I
captured a few things that Grock does
that are just so smart. So on mobile web
when you press enter on their input they
default to creating a new line because
they know that the way that people are
used to submitting things on mobile is
not by hitting enter like we would do on
on a on a desktop computer. You can tap
the little icon and like your message
goes out. On desktop they inverted it.
When you press enter you're expected to
submit. I think if you got a new line, I
think a lot of people would get
frustrated that most people don't know
that they can press command enter to
submit and whatever like it slows
everything
down
and you can basically prompt for those
things, right? But you have to pay
attention to the details and you have
to, you know, decide what you want to
see in the world. Sometimes that means
like either defining best practices or
seeking the best practices and learning
from others. Another aspect of exposure
hours is that you tend to overrate how
well your products work. It's very
important to give your product to
another person and watch them interact
with it. Expose yourself to the pain of
reality. And the more you sort of like
submerge yourself in the in the real
deal nitty-gritty of what happens when
people use your your interfaces and
whatnot, I think you'll you'll come out
stronger, more grounded, hopefully more
humbled. We don't like pain though. And
I like that this is a push. Create some
more pain in your life. Show people the
thing you're building. Is there like a
do you have like an huristic or a number
of how many exposure hours per week, per
month you want your team to have? Or is
it just more is always better? Yeah, I'm
always better. I mean the because the
inertia is to get inside your head and
the inertia is to think you know
everything and assume that everything is
going good and you know there are no
errors of course it's fast it worked on
my machine. I I think it it's always a
push for more. I I do sometimes little
things like I ask my team to color my
calendar. So I say like I have to have
certain amount of like one-on- ones with
my team uh in represented on my calendar
uh you know kind kind of like meetings
so that I can sync with people and see
how the company's doing uh then I want
to have customer meetings and during
those customer meetings I push myself to
use the products in fact with our
enterprise customers something that I do
is like I try to forget how things are
built what feature of nextjs reversal
they use and whatever
I just frequently use her products and I
want the product to be great that's all
and then I try to work backwards into so
a form of exposure hours for me is
seeing what kind of
success our customers are having in the
real world and so but again it's just a
heristic like maybe onethird of my
meetings this week were customer
meetings and I tried and watch them do
another really quick one is we invite
people frequently to demo how they use
the product uh live, sometimes to the
executive team, sometimes to the whole
company. And um we dis we always
inevitably discover something
interesting from the customer about
maybe there is something that they're in
pain about that we didn't know about or
maybe something was not as as intuitive
as we thought. And I find with these
sorts of things when you do them when
you talk to customers, you have them
show how they use the product, you
always like, why have I not done this
off more often? Why am I what am I what
am I thinking? This is it's just so
mind-blowing usually. Yes. I want to
talk about limitations of V 0ero at this
point. So what should people know about
just like what VZO can't do? Like can
you if you have an existing codebase can
you plug it in and start doing stuff or
is that coming? What else should people
know just like okay it's not going to do
this yet but yeah you can import code
bases through zip files and git is
coming very soon. Uh it can do full
stack development. he can connect to
APIs. In the next couple days, maybe
even before this podcast is out, we'll
have this very tight integrations so
that if you need a database or if you
need an AI model or if the AI decides it
needs that, it'll just seamlessly
install it from the Verscell
marketplace and the Versel marketplace
has already curated some of the best
infrastructure products in the world to
store data,
to search data, etc. So it's going to
it's going to make the product even more
powerful. I'll say again I kind of did
that exercise and I do that exercise
every day of like I I have a wild idea
and try to see if it can come to life.
It's it's it's very powerful so far. Um
AIs are still very much a work in
progress. They can make mistakes. We
have it as a little disclaimer
underneath the
input. You you will find errors. our our
fitness function and we've seen such a
strong correlation between user love and
retention. Vzero is actually a very
retentive product compared to other AI
products that I've built in the past or
or you know little demos that we've done
or whatever. People subscribe and use it
every single day and are very sort of
like if they notice a bug they're like
very very like uh jittery about it
because they're depending on it day in
and day out. But I'll say errors are
still possible, right? like every once
in a while you might get a runtime error
or whatever but a lot of the technology
that we've added is so that v 0ero is
very a aentic it has a lot of agency in
how to act so you're going to see very
frequently that if it runs into errors v
tries to solve the solve them
itself and um and then last I will say
when products get really
big AI today is just not as good at
dealing with massive code
bases. But going back to that idea of
the React
component because we break down things
into files and
components, we tend to do quite well in
that dimension. In fact, one thing that
Nex.js was sort of known for is that in
order to start a project, you just
create a file and Nex.js will route to
that page. it it was if anyone is
familiar with PHP it's kind of like how
PHP worked and so it's so good that LLMs
are good at working with files now
because it fits very naturally into our
world and and if you can scope down when
things get really big if you can give it
a smaller task to work on a specific
component or a specific file you
decrease that likelihood of of the LM
not being able to reason over very very
very long context windows I want to go
back to design. We talked about how VZ
is really good at just great design by
default to kind of lean into that more
if someone wants to improve the design
of their product. You know, most people
are not designers. They don't really
know how to make it look good. They
don't know what to ask for. Any just
tips and best practices for making their
app even better, look even nicer. Yeah,
it was really interesting. Uh the other
day I met with a CIO who of of a large
bank who on the side does a lot of
coding or like tries out new
technologies and whatnot and I showed
him Vzero and he immediately became a
Vzero addict and he texts me every day
with feedback. He moved two websites of
his own from another like sort of
website builder type provider to Vzero
and Versel deployed them gave them a
domain name. are live in production. And
then he said, "Look, I have this
challenge. I have this music festival
that I organized with a couple friends
and this is what the designer gave us."
And he had this kind of like brochure.
It looked very much like a print style
design. And so he gave that uh to Vzero
and the first result he was kind of like
dinging me for. He's like, "Look, this
doesn't look good."
And then because I have experience with
the tool I said like why don't I just
give it the feedback like literally you
know you were asking yesterday like
earlier some of the things that I've
learned with the product and I was or or
the best practice what would I recommend
if I were sitting next to
someone not only you should not hesitate
to give uh the the AI feedback. It's so
interesting, dude. Like sometimes people
will press a feedback button to tell us
what they wanted Vzero to do. And
literally all we had to do in many cases
is just can you just tell Vzero that?
And so he sent me this message saying
like yeah, I just don't like the design.
And I gave him back a prompt that I
would have given. I said like I don't
know what I said it specifically, but
it's like make it more jazzy. Get it
make it more make it pop. make it and so
trying and and and again goes back to
like try to draw inspiration from
variety that the AI already knows about.
So in a couple prompts we ended up
something that was in his mind better
than the original print design of that
brochure that concert lineup. And at
that time again I'm even learning about
what Vzero is capable of and and the
best ways to use it. But with design I
think unleashing its creativity with and
in and seeing things and and playing
with it is is definitely super helpful.
So one thing I'm hearing here is just
tell it uh make this look better. Make
it pop. Make it pop. You can totally but
and if you can use tokens that are uh
relevant. So neo
brutalist, minimalist, newspaper-l like
vintage, make it look like a a telegram
like you can sort of like try and reach
for things that you maybe would not
naturally come to mind and and you will
be surprised about how well it can
transfer those ideas into reality.
Incredible. Too easy.
May maybe to close out our conversation,
we'll see where this topic goes. I had
this tweet that I loved that I super
resonate with. The secret to product
quality is blood, sweat, and tears. I
completely agree. I think that's why I
think my newsletter has been successful.
I spend so much time on every newsletter
post, more than I think anyone spends on
a newsletter post, like 10 10, 20, 30
hours. And that's why I think it works.
Is there anything more behind that
tweet? anything you've learned and just
the importance of working hard I guess
to create great stuff. Yeah, I I
mentioned exposure hours is a good
example of like look it can be painful.
It can be painful to see your baby break
in front of everyone and noticing all
the the other thing is that a a great
product is made up of a thousand little
details, right? And so you're never
really
done. There's a humility that comes from
the process also of why the best product
builders will say nine nos for every yes
because when you say yes is like
adopting a puppy. A feature is like
adopting a puppy. It grows into a beast
that you have to take care of and it's
very demanding and loving but also it
you know it's a lot and poops
everywhere. So you have to have a
creative restraint and while you also
have to have a give you have to withhold
sometimes with the respect of the real
world complexity that emerges a little
thing that I you know kind of obsess
about. I'll give kudos to the midjourney
team. I really love how MidJourney works
on mobile
web. I don't know if they have an app
yet, like a native app, but like their
mobile website is phenomenal. And to get
it to be that good, by the way, it's
possible. It's actually possible to get
make great things on mobile
web, but it re it needs that sense of
love
and restraint and obsession and testing
a lot and using your your own products a
lot. Duck fooding is a great mechanism
obviously. So we use the heck out of
Verscell and Vzero to make Verscell NV0
and hopefully that helps us do better
but there is a lot of blood, sweat and
tears in the process. Yeah, you can tell
how much you use the product like it
comes through in everything you you say.
Let me actually ask about this. You
talked about how you have you said you
have 600 engineers. Uh no 600 people
total and people 150. So how how is AI
changing the way they work? Is there
anything there? because I feel like you
guys are at the cutting edge of how how
products are built. What what's
happening? Like is it just everyone's on
cursor and vzero to build stuff? Yeah.
Yes. But actually it's more profound. I
think it's the everybody can ship. It's
the we build with AI principles in mind.
I actually give a a shout out to the
Luma Labs engineer who said, "Well, I'll
use AI for everything. Obviously, I also
generate the images for the website, you
know,
and I'm seeing, for example, our
designers that are working on our next
conference generate all of the
animations with video models. I'm
looking at our marketing team are
creating demos of how the infrastructure
works with
Vzero that are better than any static
diagram or landing page that I've ever
seen. One of my most viral zets or
exposts is something that one of our
designers created which explains how our
compute infrastructure works with an
interactive
demo. And until until he created that,
by the way, he designed it and created
and we shipped it all in the tool. First
of all, it wasn't part of his day-to-day
job to do that. He it is making you such
a powerful generalist that you can step
out of your comfort zone of like well my
job was to do only this you can just
create we have a ritual every Friday we
had it this morning called demo Fridays
and so it's very important to create the
space for people to step out of that
comfort zone and use AI. So us giving
permission to people to build and ship
things is part of that
cultural backdrop that makes these
things
possible. We had a demo today as part of
demo Friday of our VP of sales
engineering also creating an amazing uh
tool that he's going to use to help
prospects understand versell with vzero.
So I've heard from devops and
infrastructure engineers how much they
use tools like cursor to work on the low
levels of the versel infrastructure. So
I think very quickly we're seeing AI
being embedded everywhere. I just heard
a product request from a customer was
saying okay versel you sell domain names
let me let me come up with new domain
ideas with with AI. So I just see a
future where AI becomes synonymous with
software. I do look forward to it
because we need to stop talking about AI
at some point. I foresee I it's probably
not going to happen, but it is useful to
remind people that AI equals software
now and we're a software company. We
build software and we use software to
build software. So, and AI is just a
part of that. Yeah. GMA, what a
beautiful way to end it. Is there is
there anything else you wanted to
mention? anything else they want to
leave listeners with before I let you
go? I'll leave you with my vision of the
future which is we have we have this
billboard in San Francisco which is
everybody can cook. Um it's also part of
the Ratatouille film, one of my favorite
movies. I I look toward I look forward
to a future where everybody can get
their ideas out there. If you can dream
it, you can ship it. And also that when
you use products and when you see the
creations of other people and the things
that they put out into the
world that we are collectively making
the world better. So anything you
experience hopefully gets faster, higher
quality, fewer bugs as we go along. And
I think we're all contributing to that.
And uh I look forward look forward to
that and look forward to everyone's
feedback on how Versel can can play a
part in that future. So to build on
that, where can folks find you online?
Where can they should they just go to
versell.com? Is it vzero.com? Yeah. And
go to vzero.dev
to get started.
Uh I did mention the if you want to if
you want to build your own visero, this
is more advanced, but check out our
templates on
basel.comtemplates. And also I'm Rouch G
on X, so you can DM me or or or tweet at
me at any time. Amazing. GMO, thank you
so much for being here. Thank you,
Laney. It was so fun. Bye, everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at
lennispodcast.com. See you in the next
episode.